01. Group beers by brand:

Boris has a list of all the beers available in his pub, but it's a huge mess.
He would like to see the beers grouped by brands.
Boris also told you that the Function should return an array of objects which contains the Brand name and an array of beer IDs of that Brand.

02. Filter beers by BeerType

Ok my friend. Good job! Just one more thing...
You know, some of my friends are picky. They don't like every type of beer. I need a list of the beers filtered by beer types. Keep in mind that the Function should take a BeerType and return all the beer IDs in an array of that type.
Filter for the `Brown` type! (Note: the input may change when you reload the page!)

03. Get the cheapest brand

Did I tell you that you're my smartest friend? And I have a lot of good friends! Okay! Just one more thing, good?
You know, sometimes my friends come over and I give them a couple beers for free. Luckily, they're not picky at all, they drink everything. So I need a list of the cheapest beers in my pub so I can avoid giving them expensive ones.
Understand?
My friend, here is what I need: a Function that returns the name of the brand that has the cheapest average price. (Note: The brand name should be in quotes "")

04. Allergies - which beer lacks a special ingredient?

Do you know my friend Vasily Grigoryevich Zaytsev? NO??
Never mind!
He has some problems drinking wheat beer and I want to help him because he is my best friend, understand? We friends help each other, right?
Here is what I need: a Function that takes an ingredient's name and returns an array of beer IDs that lack that ingredient. Friendly note from Boris: don't mess this up! If Vasily gets sick, he will be very upset.
He isn't as patient as I am!
Filter for the `corn` ingredient! (Note: the input may change when you reload the page!)

05. Sort by remaining water ratio

Oh yeah, you got this! Just do one more for fun! I want to know the water ratio of the different beers I have
The function should return all beer IDs sorted in a descending order by their water ingredient ratio. The remaining part of the listed ingredients is the water (ignore alcohol).
The first item should be the most watered down beer, then if two beers have the same water ratio, sort them by the alphabetic order of their IDs.

06. Map beers to rounded price

We're having fun my friend! Let's do another one:
Most of my customers round up the price to the nearest hundred, they call that a tip. Let's list my beers based on their price with a tip!
The function should return a map where the keys are the prices rounded up to the nearest hundred and the values are arrays of the beer IDs with that price range.